This is to inform you that,
following are the events of <BYTE-CODE>

1. Canvas
Platform: online/offline/facebook Page
Participation: individual
In thisyou have to make poster and we will post it on our facebook page.
Likes on your poster will account 50% of score and 20% on idea and 30% on approach.

 

2.TypeRace
Plaform: TypingMaster
Participation: Individual
This event is to test your typing speed. Anyone with fast typing can participate. NO programming or knowlegge is reuire.
Practise is only key to successs.

3.C-Legacy
Platform: online/offline
Participation: individual or Team of two
This event is based on C lanuguage only.Question & Codes segment will be based on C only.

4.Fast BOOT
Platform: onsite
Participation: Team of two
Team have to assemble a pc and install a given operating system on it in minimum amount of time.
The operating system can be windows,ubuntu,fedora and linux family.

5.Questionnaire
Platform:online
Participation:Individual
Team have to give answers to multiple choice questions based on any area of computer science and engineering.

6. CoderVation
Platform:CodeChef
Participation: Individual
This event is based on solving real life problem on an online judge codechef.
There will be around 6-8 question of varying difficulty.

7.Bug-D-CODE
Platform: HackerRank
Participation: Team of two
In this 4 to 5 programs will be given to you and you have to modify the program to get required output in minimum amount of time.

8. CodeGolf
Platform: HackerRank
In this you will be given a simple question along with it's partial solution.
Your aim decrease no of character used in the program i.e the size of program.

9.Web Dextro
Platform: offline
Participation: Individual
 In this you have to create a website for a orgnization.
 1st & 2nd Year students have to only make the front end of website which is of atlest five page and design should be attractive by look.

10.App Mania
Platform: offline
Paritipation: Team of Two
In this you have to make a given app in any platform prefered Android in given limited amount of time.

Those who are intrested in co-ordination the event please fill the following google form below and there will be a meeting in L-19 on 11-Mar-2016 (Friday) at 1:45 PM 

Note: If there is contradiction, the final decision will be given by previous year winners.